{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-BoldItalic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red118\green118\blue118;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c53691\c53693\c53692;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12220\viewh15660\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Batch Clipboard version 2.0\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 About
\f0\b0 \
\
Batch Clipboard adds a menu to the top-right of your menu bar that mainly implements one feature: a new mode for the clipboard that lets you copy multiple times from one place, then paste them all in order elsewhere. For more information go to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://batchclipboard.bananameter.lol"}}{\fldrslt Batch Clipboard website}}.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 A portion of Batch Clipboard is adapted from the open source project {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://maccy.app"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 Maccy}}, a full featured clipboard history manager. Batch Clipboard simplifies its Maccy greatly and adds the multiple-clipboard feature, but if you're wanting a popup window with pinned items to re-paste frequently, check it out.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
This version of the app is a substantial improvement from 1.0. It improves performance, simplicity, and adds a few features:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab560\li720\fi-720\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\'93Replay Last Batch\'94 to paste the same set of clips again without going back to re-copy them\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}An option to only show the icon in the menubar when you're copying and pasting an batch of clipboard items\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
The other most visible improvement is that the menu items representing the clips in an active batch are in a more natural top-down order. What's makes this version more efficient is that by default it no longer maintaining a recent clipboard history, especially since this is now a feature of macOS itself. If upgrading from version 1.0 then you will be asked if you wish to keep using the history features. You can also turn history on and off in the Storage panel of the Settings window.\
\
This version will always be free to downloaded from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/jpmhouston/Batch-Clipboard/releases"}}{\fldrslt GitHub}}, but also it is available from the Mac App Store, also for free with the same features. There are only minor differences between the two: in how app updates are done, related settings and some text in the Settings and Introduction windows, plus the App Store version has a few extra features unlocked by in-app purchase. One such feature is the ability to save batches to recall anytime later.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Starting Out
\f0\b0 \
\
Drag Batch Clipboard from the disk image window it came in to your Mac's Applications folder, eject the disk image, and then open the copy in your Applications folder. It doesn't show up in the dock but adds a menu to the top right of your menu bar. The icon looks like the Finder icon, a clipboard with an asterisk in the middle (the asterisk is a nerdy way of saying "multiple things", if you know, you know). When running the first time it opens an Introduction window and it walks you through granting access to Batch Clipboard for telling your frontmost application to copy and paste.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Batch Clipboard stays running in the menubar once you launch it but doesn't automatically set itself to re-launch on startup. if you wish it to do so, click the icon in the menu bar to open its menu and choose Settings, and the first page of the application's includes a \'93Launch at Login\'94 checkbox. You can also add it yourself to the list of automatically launched applications in your Mac's Settings application, panel General in the sidebar, sub panel Login Items & Extensions.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Basic Usage
\f0\b0 \
\
This should be described in the Introduction window's walkthrough as well, but briefly:\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The app lives in the menu bar, with an icon that looks like a outline clipboard, but you don't really need to use the menu, just this:\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}In one document, select and then copy a number of things in sequence using the special shortcut 
\f2\i\b Control-Command-C
\f0\i0\b0 .\uc0\u8232 \u8232 The menu bar icon will change and have a number beside it counting the things you copied.\u8232 \
{\listtext	2.	}In your destination document window paste then all in order using the special shortcut 
\f2\i\b Control-Command-C
\f0\i0\b0 . Magic!\uc0\u8232 \u8232 After they're all pasted the menu bar icon returns to normal, as does the normal one-at-a-time behaviour of the clipboard.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
In other words, ^
\f3 \uc0\u8984 
\f0 C ^
\f3 \uc0\u8984 
\f0 C \'85, then ^
\f3 \uc0\u8984 
\f0 V ^
\f3 \uc0\u8984 
\f0 V \'85\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Possible Surprises
\f0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab560\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Batch Clipboard doesn't have its own separate clipboard, but after first using ^
\f3 \uc0\u8984 
\f0 C, everything copied or cut in any application gets collected into the sequence.\uc0\u8232 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Use it for sets of things you want to copy and then paste together, letting the icon and clipboard behavior return to normal afterward. Don't leave it on adding to the count in the menu bar, as the clipboard may not behave like you expect. If you change your mind and don't paste any or all the things, use the \'93Cancel Batch\'94 item in the menu.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
That should be everything you need to know. There's more ways to use this feature, and more things to read about in Documentation tab on the application's website {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://batchclipboard.bananameter.lol"}}{\fldrslt batchclipboard.bananameter.lol}}.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Legalese
\f0\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Batch Clipboard is adapted from the open source project {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://maccy.app"}}{\fldrslt Maccy}}, simplifying and adding the multiple-clipboard feature, plus other major and minor changes. Under open source licenses like the one used by Maccy and Batch Clipboard, remixes such as this are encouraged. This brief legal statement is below - it's not like an End User License Agreement that users have to click \'93Agree\'94 on, but instead it's an agreement that we, the software developers, are bound by to keep it free to use and modify. It's required to include with copies of it or its source code. That source code is available at https://github.com/jpmhouston/Batch-Clipboard\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf0 The MIT License (MIT)\
\
Original work Copyright (c) 2022 Alex Rodionov\
Modified work Copyright (c) 2025 Bananameter Labs\
\
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy\
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights\
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\
\
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\
\
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN\
THE SOFTWARE.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \
}